okay everybody it's time for another one
of my video reviews this time it's Irish
on brimstone
okay alright
why do you do that brimstone he was
teasing me so this is the real deal this
is cyber John brimstone from the
transformer inside rich online he turns
in to let me see he turns into a robotic
pterodactyl which is this and it's the
kind of robot swoop is from the Dinobots
has these nice transparent wings with
the purple and the yellow colors and
Decepticon insignia has a cyber key port
here just like his bootleg counterpart
and his leg his extra leg is down here
he's alright
he's not my not my favorite of the
jungle planet animals but he's okay good
God
one of the things is that since his legs
alright very attached to his wings it's
like when they flat in it ah it doesn't
look natural alright so his cyber key
power at least he stands on his own
cyber key power
I see when you plug it into the back
here these blades come out for cutting
it's spring-loaded like every other
cyber key mechanism and they're okay
I mean how can you use these when you're
flying in the air
I don't get it you're gonna Ram
something go got gangway Burr and it's
kind of more useful in robot mode but
not on animal mode all right let's go
into the transformation as we've seen
before with the boot leg
it's a pretty simple transformation just
detach the back leg from here from this
peg that was there then bring him down
around forward didn't bring this down
turn this facing front that turned this
around bring the beak up that that
there's his feet so we're halfway there
there's always that's a little too high
then you bring down his robotic arms and
bring out his head go there we have
Cybertron brimstone also called Tara
shaver in the Japanese version Galaxy
force so cyber keep our blades
now you can cause some damage jump he
doesn't have any light-piping because as
you can see there's a screw in the back
of his head and like all Cybertron
figures easy to transform loads of
articulation lots of ball joints just
awesome I don't know what the haters are
complaining about um I don't know if
they're gonna make any repaints of them
TF wiki dotnet doesn't say anything
about any future releases they do
mention that he was released on in a
Cybertron value pack but it wasn't much
value since it was three figures and the
value pack cost thirty bucks which is
essentially $10 for each do I recommend
them I I don't know I mean III got him
to complete the line like I said before
he's not my favorite but he's okay so
pick them up at your own discretion
alright guys that's my review of
Cybertron brimstone see you later